# BiLstm-VAE-Anomaly-Weighted-Model-for-Risk-Graded-Mine-Water-Inrush-Early-Warning
Bidirectional LSTM and Variational Autoencoder-Based Spatiotemporal Anomaly Detection System for Mine Borehole Water Level Monitoring



In Jingdianfenjie, to obtain the decomposition of a time series, you just need to assign model=additive. Multiplicative: multiplicative model.
result = seasonal_decompose(df1, model='additive',period = 12)
x: array_like, the data to be decomposed.
 model: {"additive", "multiplicative"}, optional, "additive" (additive model) and "multiplicative" (multiplicative model).
fil: tarray_like, optional, a filtering coefficient used to filter out seasonal components. The specific moving average method used in filtering is determined by two_side.
period: int, optional, the period of the series. If x is not a pandas object or the index of x does not have a frequency, you must use it. If x is a pandas object with a time series index, it will override the default periodicity of x.
 two_sided: bool, optional, the moving average method used in filtering. If it is True (default), the centered moving average line is calculated using filt. If it is False, the filter coefficients are only used for past values.
extrapolate_trend: int or 'freq', optional. If set to > 0, it will take into account the closest (+1) points among many.
The trend generated by convolution will be extrapolated linearly at both ends using the least squares method (if two_side is False, it will be a single least squares).
 If you set it to "frequency", please use the most recent frequency. Setting this parameter will result in no NaN values in the trend or residual components.
